# Method-Of-Extraction
Take 144 pieces of fresh mature leaves wash it with water and blend it with hot water not more than 30째C/86째F after blending extract the content from the blended leaves by fluttering the content and put the solution in test tube which is going to be green in nature Dosage, Usage and Duration Take 1/4 spoon in the morning and night with warm(15째C/59째F) water for three day for adults For child a drop of the solution at once. Reaction The solution works like antibiotics(hypertonic solution)  The patient will feel a sharp pain starting from the kidney region to the lung and other part of internal organs in the body, is just for a while. Don't be afraid. After the dosage you place the patient on blood tonic capsules within some days is going to regain his strength.  Formulation Take 120 dry leaves with 12 fresh leaves and the stem cut it into 12 pieces wash and clean with water and boil it with 4 liters of water for 4 hours. Mode of Applications Pour a cup of the solution into a spray machine and fill it with water, use it to spray the environment the patients are and pour a spoon of the solution into the water that the patients will bath with. The solution have been tested on a plant ( tomato )  the effectiveness on this plant it have the potential to stay on tomatoes plant more than twenty day before it dry up.  Note: Have been on this project for past four months, All what I tell you is the fact, God cause me to process all the symptoms of Covid19, I thought am gonna die I used all drugs I know but to May surprise is not working, until God direct me to the tree.  The accuracy of is effectiveness and efficiency is 100%. Believe and and he shall be well with you. Shalom  Akinpelu Oyeyinka Educationist {Researcher}
